[Sylvia is leaving out her bedroom window. Dressed in black attire and goth appereance. We see little of her facial features. She descends down to a waiting car with its lights off.]
Narrator: Most of us live in a veiled world of grey. A lucky few however live in a borderland. A place where dream… and reality mix.
[She climbs in and the car pulls away.]
Narrator: This is a tale about a lost soul finding her self… across space and time.
[Car parked with other cars ominous view of massive castle ruins above.]
Narrator: Music is the pulse of the worlds, a constant among the exotic.
[Whole bunch of people walking up the stairs towards the castle.]
*Various Voices*
soft music (gothic)
[Sylvia dancing, various pictures flash as the music grows in volume and climax]
[Sylvia leaning against a wall with a tattered tapestry above her wrapped in a jacket the music dims and fades to nothingness.]
Narrator: But sometimes those that live on the edge of reality… fall off it.

[Black still]
Strange noises in background, grunts.
Sylvia: Where am I?
[A small view out of a hole reveals a torn landscape and a green leather hand closes over the hole. Volcanic fire and eruptions]
Heart beat
Sylvia [muted]: Where am I? What is going on… why won’t you answer me. Anyone… help me.
Sound of being dropped. All the sudden a clear voice rings out.
Voice: To me warriors. Drive the foul beasts out. For the Kingdom.
Sound of battle, many swords and shields clash and break. Until eventually the monsters retreat.
Voice: You okay there lass? Don’t worry we will have you out in a bit.
Sylvia: What’s going on?
Voice: Why your rescue of course, hold still now.
Sound of cutting leather bag.
[Third person view of Sylvia dressed up in gothic clothes in front of a knight in full gothic shining plate with the dirt of battle upon him. The pictures swirls out of view as she collapses.]

[ TITLE SCREEN!]

[Black]
Narrator: You feel soft sheets of silk and are comforted to be waking up in a warm bed. Was it all a dream…?
[Scene: Bedroom; Four poster bed, Desk, windows and one small door]
[Action: Sylvia gets up, in silk nightgown. Look at desk. Go to door and open it. A hand maiden quickly steps into the room.]
Hand Maiden: Good day my lady you have awoken.
Sylvia: Ah, hi what’s going on… where am i?
Hand Maiden: Um, Alexia where answer all your questions my lady.
Sylvia: But where am I?
Hand Maiden: Your in the kingdom, me lady, Castle Graciel.
Sylvia: I see… and all this.
Hand Maiden: My lord’s trappings my lady, if you would just get some court attire.
Sylvia: Where are the dresses?
Hand Maiden: I will assist you my lady.

[Scene: Corridor. Handmaiden and Sylvia walk down corridor towards large double doors with two men at arms at door. They open the doors.]

[Scene: Pearl Court. Beautiful court of white. Small wooden desk seats Alexia in a plain tabard.]
[Action: He stands up and bows before Sylvia. Bows before Sylvia. ]
Alexia: I apologize for any inconvenience my lady. Sir Alexia Graciel at your service.
Sylvia: I am Sylvia.
Alexia: We rescued you from the foul beasts before they could have their way with you. Is there anything you need my lady.
Sylvia: Where am I?
Alexia: You are in the capital of The Kingdom, my lady. One of the eight worlds of the disperse.
Sylvia: The disperse?
Alexia: A name for what’s left of eight worlds of the twelve true worlds my lady.
Sylvia: Different worlds?
Alexia: Yes my lady, my advisors tell me your world is ignorant of the others. It’s a lot to take in I am sure. Everything will be explained in good time.
[Alexia claps a small page emerges.]
Alexia: This is Byron Stuart one of my squires. He will be taking you to see the Wizard Yarteb of York. He will explain everything I am sure.
Sylvia: Wizard? Um Thank you, and thank you for rescuing me.
Alexia: It is a pleasure my lady. It is half a day’s as the portals are at the moment.
Sylvia: The portals? There are portals here?
Alexia: Yes my lady. The worlds are dispersed among many islands. The only travel is by portals. Horseback will be the fastest way. My lady I have much work to do, Byron will show you the way.
[Action: Byron escorts Sylvia out.]

[Scence: Stables
