The Mechana

Since the time that steam poured from the thermal vents of the foothills as geysers, the Source had existed. It was what could vaguely be described as the largest steam-machine in existence at the time. The Source ruled the foothills of Mechana with an iron but just pipe. Few ever laid eyes it. Except of course for the Maintainers, who dedicated their lives to ensuring optimal steam pressure in the steam chambers of the Source. But they swore an oath never to describe to anyone what they saw. Numerous philosophies exist on how the Source was compiled. Some say that deep within the crust of their foothill-world vapour, water, and stone all flowed together to create the ultimate machine. Others say the Source was the ultimate creation of another civilisation, just before they were destroyed. It is also speculated that the Source was a hybrid of smaller machines that combined pressure to rule the world. The origin of the Source will forever be a mystery. What is more important however is that it disappeared after the Breaking, and the Mechana was left to their own computations. As a result they built the academies to train the Steamheads and the former Source maintainers formed the Council of Mechana. But with the world being subject to division they had little space left to construct their plants, boilers  and factories, and even less minable metal resources. And so they found themselves in dire need of multiplication, or have existence subtracted from them. As a result of this chaotic non-nonsensical reality they needed new machines to battle for dominance over the floating islands of rock in the endless ether. They oppose nature, their friends in their temples and the illogical goblins. But forever shall they remain true to the Mechana.

Mechana society is composed of gnomes, dwarves and steam machines. The Maintainer on the Council rule the foothills and make decisions on where to strike next. The machines, the subjects of the Maintainers, are stored in large metal halls where they are safe from the weather and elements. The remainder of the population are in service of the machines. Four large academies train all whom is willing in the science of steam design and maintenance. As 98% of the population is extremely eager to do just that, only the old and ill are denied the honour of labour. As the Mechana people use machines for every task except maintenance and design, they tend to grow quite old. Most of the Source Maintainers of old are still present in the Council, and some still appear to be only middle aged.

The Academies appear to be large blocks and cylinders of metal, and amongst the tall towers and steam vents endless open floors filled with minuscule toys to colossal weaponry serve as classrooms and workshops alike. Most of the Steamheads require little sleep, and if so, few bother to find a quiet place. Most were born with a pressure gauge in hand, and all grow up amongst the machines.

The Mechana has very little knowledge of animals, as their world have none. Their need for meat are even less and they survive solely on water and peanuts.  Although they do not each much, they do eat constantly. Peanuts fit perfectly into pockets and are readily consumed while measuring pressure or adjusting valves. They prefer them unsalted but peeled. Nuthed Peanpeel won last year's  SIC (Steam Innovation Contest ) with his ground breaking peanut peeler. Although very few are interested in growing peanuts, the Council bestow the task on criminals and loafers. Needless to say, Mechana has VERY little crime, but despite this, there is always enough peanuts.

The Mechana do not often take breaks and when they do, it is always in a scientific way. One such break is the above mentioned SIC, and the yearly Steam-Rush. The Steam-Rush is an endurance race across the foothills of Mechana. All participants must take everything they need with them as once they stop, they will not be allowed to participate any longer. Needless to say, boilers cannot be restocked.